I love that and welcome to another of my
video tutorials today I'm going to share
with you Hubbell you can cover pretty
inexpensive playing rulers with some
designer paper for a little fun gift I
mean those with my perfect gifts for
children the school if you've got any
children you know during Christmas time
or if you're something I've demonstrated
there with migranyan gifts for your
customers or your downline etc now the
clear plastic rulers you can buy from
Wilkinson if you live in the UK they
also have an online stop I'm pretty sure
if you if you google them you will you
will come across some you will need some
designer paper and I've got some here
from the kaleidoscope collection this
paper is from Stampin Up
one other thing to consider when
choosing designer paper for your rulers
is to pay attention to the markings on
the sides obviously you don't want to
choose a design that's really bold and
strong in color that will overpower your
markings which will make you ruler
impossibility to use so make sure you
choose accordingly before you glue your
paper you will also need some PVA glue
there's nothing special about this glue
ups all other than because it's
water-based it will absorb into the
paper back to us and will give you a
better coverage I've tried using tombow
and that doesn't work because it leaves
you because it's fast drying you could
actually see the marks through the ruler
I've tried Crystal effect that doesn't
give you a good finish either so out of
the mall I prefer the the pretty you
know pretty perfect finish you get with
with these type of glue the next thing
you will want to do is you will want to
create an applicator and I have got here
just a regular kitchen sponge and I've
cut a piece out
punch it up to create yourself like a
little daughter and go straight into the
gloom and spread this on this side okay
by dubbing what you want to do you want
to evenly spread the below take you
create clear ruler and then with a
dabbing motion make sure you cover the
whole area okay pay particular attention
to the edges of the ruler this is very
important because obviously you want
this paper to get stopped pretty well
okay once you're happy with the coverage
and you can just place your ruler on top
of a dark piece of cardstock just to
monitor progress just to see whether
you've you've added the glue everywhere
you carefully the the the strip of paper
obviously selected select your side
decide which side you want to use and
then just carefully place it on top of
your glue it's best to use another ruler
or a bone folder just to tip press o
give it a good price trim the excess off
arm the leaf to dry I mean as you can
see that's a pretty perfect smooth
finish doesn't know there's no air
bubbles there are no visible signs of
glue so it's a nice smooth finish take a
regular nail file and carefully tie the
edges so if you have a bit of overhang
if you can see that just make sure you
get rid of those hanging oh geez and
that's pretty much it the next step you
want to do is you would want to add an
eyelet and a bit of a decorative ribbon
to the end so I'm using the crop-a-dile
aha push your jumbo eyelid sir then set
them with your proper dine okay once
that's finished that you are ready to
attach your event I've got some pumpkin
pie you're going straight to grosgrain
ribbon here from Stampin Up and you can
just simply tie a knot or you could just
follow like a basic tie knot the way you
just pull up one hand behind another and
then just push it through I think I'm
going to do it the other way around so I
end up with the neat side okay so then
you just take one tail the top tail and
then you loop behind the front tail and
push around through just so you make a
basic knot and then you slide the other
pace and you tighten the knot
and there you have it your finished room
thank you very much for joining me I
hope I'm gonna see you again soon bye
bye